README.md, before:

## COURSE APPLICATION CLOUD DEVELOPER </>

# Application Cloud Developer ☁️

Welcome to the **Application Cloud Developer** course !

This training program provides me *both theoretical knowledge and hands-on experience* in the environment of cloud application development.  
It is mainly focused on coding and on the creation and organization of Software / Databases.

# 🗂 Repository Structure  

- **Folders** are now organized by **subject**, each corresponding to the topics covered throughout the CLOUD training program.  
- Inside each folder, exercises are mostly arranged following the **progression of the lessons**, which are usually **numbered** and listed in **ascending order** — although this may vary slightly from subject to subject.  
- Every exercise is designed to reinforce the coding part through hands-on practice.

# ✅ Key Features  

- **Hands-on** practice mostly coding in **Python** and **Java**
- *Software* and *Developer* approach  
- <u>Cloud-Oriented</u>  


# 📅 Update Log Format

Usally the updates to this repository follows the naming convention:


Where:  

- `DD` = Day  
- `MM` = Month  
- `YYYY` = Year  
- `Comment` = Comment

Example:  

`UPDATE - 01_01_2025 | Add new features` or directly in some moments only **comments** `Add new features`


Happy navigation! ➤

---

Commit message:

Updating the README of the Repository
Updated terminology and corrected annotations in the README.

README.md, after:

## COURSE APPLICATION CLOUD DEVELOPER </>

# Application Cloud Developer ☁️

Welcome to the **Application Cloud Developer** course !

This training program provides me *both theoretical knowledge and hands-on experience* in the environment of cloud application development.  
It is mainly focused on coding and on the creation and organization of OPP , Application and Databases.

# 🗂 Repository Structure  

- **Folders** are now organized by **subject**, each corresponding to the topics covered throughout the CLOUD training program.  
- Inside each folder, exercises are mostly arranged following the **progression of the lessons**, which are usually **numbered** and listed in **ascending order** — although this may vary slightly from subject to subject.  
- Every exercise is designed to reinforce the coding part through hands-on practice.

# ✅ Key Features  

- **Hands-on** practice mostly coding in **Python** and **Java**
- *OPP* and *Developing* approach    


# 📅 Update Log Format

Usally the updates to this repository follows the naming convention:

`Title of the commit` 
`Comment to the ADD/UPDATE/REMOVE of the commit` 

Example:  

**Updating missing '@repository`**
*Fixing adding the annotation to have correctly association bean with the Spring App*



Happy navigation! ➤

---
